* The Liberty Union Party is concerned about the possible intensification of 
authoritarian rule by the present national administration. Vermont needs to
discuss what counter measures might be taken.

* Government ought to move in the direction of assuring that the wealth and 
resources of the world will be used to provide a materially secure life for all
people on the planet— including opportunities for universal health care, 
quality child care, and education from birth to death—simultaneously preserving 
the planet and its resources for future generations.

* The Liberty Union Party affirms that the scientific data proves the existence
of anthropomorphic climate change. We need to see this as a major crisis.

* Support net neutrality

* Oppose privately owned internet monopolies.

* Support internet as a public utility.

* Internet access is a right.

* We aspire to community owned and controlled services.

* Liberty Union advocates legal adversarial support for elders and disabled
people in matters of involuntary court-ordered guardianship. Involuntary
guardianship is often a violation of constitutional rights. Transparency of
court proceedings of this nature is mandatory. For further information call
802-447-0868.

* Around 22 million people were denied the right to vote through cross
checking, ballot access and gerrymandering of elections. End cross checking,
reinstate the original Voting Rights Act and close Kris Kobach's Commission
on Election Integrity.

* Defund and disband Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and (ICE) Immigrations
and Customs Enforcement. Forbid VT State, County and Town employees from 
cooperation with CBP or ICE to harrass, detain or kill immigrants.

* Police, Border Control, Security Workers and anyone authorized to use 
physical force must be subject to transparency of disciplinary records relevant
to public safety including but not limited to use of steroids, alcohol abuse
and acts of domestic violence.

* De-militarize police training. Emphasize de-escalation.

* Police persons who engage in criminal acts, thus breaking the law, must be
subject to the same judicial process as any non-police person. The police
cannot judge their own. 

* We see a peaceful co-operative world where people have their needs met and
excell. We recognize the continuing acts of genocide, war crimes and crimes
against humanity by the United States of America including, but not limited to,
the invasion of Diego Garcia, the genocide of Native Americans, African 
Americans, people with hidden and overt disabilities, Palestinians, the LGBTQ
community and against the economically disadvantaged.

* We see the need for ecologically benign compatible farming methods, 
entrepenurship and stay-local economics.

* The State of VT should endeavor to use Open Source Software wherever it is
reasonably possible and contribute changes back to the software project for 
the greater social good.

* Privacy for Individuals and transparency for Government. There should be
transparency of all publically funded agencies and institutions including, but
not limited to, hospitals, nursing homes and schools. These institutions should
prominently post both physically and on-the-internet important information 
including CEO compensation, infection rate, graduation and dropout rates etc.
They should offer free access to all non-personal records. The burden of 
enforcement of Public Records requests rests on the state.

* Because the electronic health care record system is a risk for privacy, and 
also because it compromises the doctor/patient relationship, patients and 
doctors should have the right to opt-out of the digital health care record 
system.

We used to be patients.
Then we became customers.
Now we are just algorithms.
